README.md, before:

# Hack Night 2018.02.18 Intro to Natural Language Processing

Welcome RDS!  Today we're going to build a classifier that can discern between
positive and negative IMDB movie reviews.  We'll have stuff you can learn
at any level of experience.  

## Requirements

Before anything else, make sure you have Python and Jupyter set up on your
computer.  If you don't then download the [Anaconda Python
Distribution](https://www.anaconda.com/download/) (it will install nearly
everything we need and will make your life easier).

Also make sure you have the following packages:
* matplotlib
* scikit-learn
* numpy
* pandas

## Where you at?

Try to put yourself into one of the following categories:
1. I know Python, but have little to no experience with data science
2. I've dabbled in training models, but have never worked with natural language
   data
3. I already know a fair bit about NLP, and may have built a TF-IDF feature
   extractor before, but want to brush up on the concepts
4. I'm ready to learn about word2vec and distributed representations for words

### 1. Getting Started with Data Science

If you're not yet comfortable with Jupyter, check out [this guide (**Estimated
Time: 5-10min**)](https://compsci697l.github.io/notes/jupyter-tutorial/) for a
brief introduction, or grab someone from RDS and ask for some pointers!

If you're not yet comfortable with `numpy` or `pandas`, check out our [first
workshop from last semester (**Estimated Time:
15-20min**)](https://github.com/ricedatasci/workshop1-numpy-pandas) from last
year to get up to speed.

Once you feel like you've gotten a decent grip on those tools, check out the
notebook here, [`sklearn-intro-to-ml.ipynb` (**Estimated Time:
10min**)](./sklearn-intro-to-ml.ipynb).  Note that this notebook was created
based off of the guide
[here](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/tutorial/basic/tutorial.html).

### 2. Working with Natural Language Data

Let's get our feet wet and learn about a "Bag of Words" classifier.  Check out
the notebook here, [`intro-to-tfidf-bow.ipynb` (**Estimated Time:
20min**)](./intro-to-tfidf-bow.ipynb).

Commit message:

add link to kaggle nlp

README.md, after:

# Hack Night 2018.02.18 Intro to Natural Language Processing

Welcome RDS!  Today we're going to build a classifier that can discern between
positive and negative IMDB movie reviews.  We'll have stuff you can learn
at any level of experience.  

## Requirements

Before anything else, make sure you have Python and Jupyter set up on your
computer.  If you don't then download the [Anaconda Python
Distribution](https://www.anaconda.com/download/) (it will install nearly
everything we need and will make your life easier).

Also make sure you have the following packages:
* matplotlib
* scikit-learn
* numpy
* pandas

## Where you at?

Try to put yourself into one of the following categories:
1. I know Python, but have little to no experience with data science
2. I've dabbled in training models, but have never worked with natural language
   data
3. I already know a fair bit about NLP, and may have built a TF-IDF feature
   extractor before, but want to brush up on the concepts
4. I'm ready to learn about word2vec and distributed representations for words

### 1. Getting Started with Data Science

If you're not yet comfortable with Jupyter, check out [this guide (**Estimated
Time: 5-10min**)](https://compsci697l.github.io/notes/jupyter-tutorial/) for a
brief introduction, or grab someone from RDS and ask for some pointers!

If you're not yet comfortable with `numpy` or `pandas`, check out our [first
workshop from last semester (**Estimated Time:
15-20min**)](https://github.com/ricedatasci/workshop1-numpy-pandas) from last
year to get up to speed.

Once you feel like you've gotten a decent grip on those tools, check out the
notebook here, [`sklearn-intro-to-ml.ipynb` (**Estimated Time:
10min**)](./sklearn-intro-to-ml.ipynb).  Note that this notebook was created
based off of the guide
[here](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/tutorial/basic/tutorial.html).

### 2. Working with Natural Language Data

[Kaggle Post w/ Data as well as some
tutorials.](https://www.kaggle.com/c/word2vec-nlp-tutorial#part-2-word-vectors)

Let's get our feet wet and learn about a "Bag of Words" classifier.  Check out
the notebook here, [`intro-to-tfidf-bow.ipynb` (**Estimated Time:
20min**)](./intro-to-tfidf-bow.ipynb).
